{"text":"So my developers that work with me might take maybe two months sometimes, depending on back and forth with the customer. You know, what is the requirement? What is that? The customer wants to see it. You know, I'm in a transition like that right now. You know, customer wants to see it. No, I don't want this. I don't want that. Can you do this? Well, I don't like the verbiage, can we change the verbiage? So all of that, back and forth, back and forth, it takes almost about a month and a half to two months. This tool can create a website in two hours. That is crazy. That is crazy. Yeah. So just think about that. Having that, that two months into, let's say, a day. Yeah. That into two hours. Let's say a day. Then you use another day or two to just analyze the site with the client. Within three days, you deliver. That's crazy. Yeah, yeah. Because that is a lot. Yeah, you're gonna have a lot of people come to you and your price strategy maybe is below, let's say, $2,000. Let's say, 1,005 or 1,007, right? Yeah. You have a market. You have a market. Call me, honestly, if you're saying 47% of businesses don't have a website, right? And, like, I don't know the guy on the market regarding marketing, but how difficult is it to get in front of these companies? Because, like, I'm thinking we go even lower, to be honest. If it's gonna be that kind of a volume, we can go... One minute, let me just see if I put in an important call. Hold on one second. Sure. Oh, and it was spam. Good, all right. We could even go, like, 12, 13, right? And, like, really just get everybody. Because, I mean, at scale, I can make these things even faster, really. If all they need is, like, a landing page, and, like, if all they need is just, like, some kind of web presence, I can... On that note, you mentioned the scale word. That was my question is, what is your plan for scaling this? And, you know, what's the capacity? So, if, right now, the capacity, you are the binding constraint on capacity, right? You know, is it possible to train other people? And, you know, what's the plan to scale? And, even as we're talking about pricing, we gotta talk about the cost side of it, because the difference between the price and the cost is the profit, right? So, how many of these things can you actually crank out in a day by yourself? And then, how do we scale it so that we can actually capture that higher volume in the marketplace, and won't be required from a cost perspective in order to capture that market? You know, assuming we're able to get other people trained on how to deliver in addition to yourself. Um, quite a lot, as far as how much I can do in one day. Okay. Like, probably whatever number's in your head, it's double that. That's just me. The manual part of it, I am decreasing every day. I work on this every day. Like, just yesterday, I kinda got past quite a big hurdle as far as, you know, the UI and UX part of it, because the website is perfectly optimized for search and whatnot. The digital strategy is perfect when I get it from my agent, you know? I am mostly going over the web, the copies she's written, you know, the design elements. You know, AI hallucinates sometimes, right? As far as what you see, the visual stuff, you know? The text will say some stupid shit sometimes. It's like, it's just made up. I remember when I was putting together my, I've got like a nationwide network of SEO consultants of SEO sites, and she like, put the five boroughs of New York at the bottom of all of them, you know? Like, granted, I couldn't, I couldn't, what was I saying? I got this text, I just did. We're talking about the scaling, and. Oh, that's what I was saying, yeah. Right, so obviously, you know, like, that one mistake is still great, because I couldn't make 18 websites myself in the three hours it took her. But, you know, the manual part of it is just basically, is UI and UX, and it's, you know, QA, it's quality assurance, right? But with that said, I am decreasing, I'm decreasing the manual part of it every day, and probably in a couple weeks, I'm gonna have it to where what she spits out is gonna be like 95% ready to go. Yeah, I'm not too far away from that. So the scale can be quite massive. How many websites, at this moment, without incurring any additional cost on your part, how many websites can you produce per day? That are actually ready to go and properly QA'd? I mean, it may be, even if it's like 80% of the way there, so that someone like a Kwame can then take it, engage with the client, and finish it off, and then hand it over as a deliverable. In a couple days, when I finish this current part that I'm working on, I can literally do like 50. 60. 60 a day? A day? I'm not even kidding, bro. I can't, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, no, this is good, right? I mean. Come on, man. Serious, yeah. No, and- Honestly, watch this. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Yeah. Give me a couple- Go ahead, Kwame. Go ahead, man. I don't know where you're going. Give me a couple of these sites. Any site. Sorry, any site? Yeah. Any site. Hey, man, give him SILVADEW. SILVADEW? Okay. S-I-L-V-A-D-E-W dot com. All right, one second here. S-I-L-V-A-D-E-W dot com. SILVADEW. S-I- Got you, got you. Give me one second. I gotta send this to somebody real quick. S-I-L-V-A-D-E-W dot com. All right, and I'm actually gonna do it from my phone so you can see how I have this set up. All right, so. This is. This is Android 18 right here. This is my agent. And so, let's see. Full audit on SILVADEW dot com. All right. Now what she's gonna do. What she's gonna do here in about two or three minutes, she's gonna have a full audit of the site. What's wrong with it from an SEO, AEO, and PSEO standpoint. And what we need to do to fix it. And then I'll ask her to show me an architecture plan. She'll do that. And I'll be like, all right, do it. And she'll do it. Yeah, for me. Yeah, so this. So, from my standpoint, this is where I really, really think this is gonna be very impactful. So already, a ready-to-go website, right? That is currently web-facing. You know, websites that are currently existing, right? There are web developers that have, that really have very minimal web development experience, right? They create site, but it's easy for hackers, or it's easy for any individual that actually do have a little sense of security to penetrate, right? You know, to mess with, right? So, one side of a business decision will be analyzing existing websites, right? And showcasing to the clients that, hey, these are the vulnerabilities that are currently existing in your site, and this is how best we can rebuild your site to make it better. Matter of fact, I have a sample, right? A white label-ish. I have created a sample of your site, and I need you to take a look at it. This is better than what you have, right? It's already sold. It's a selling point, because the customer will see that you've taken time to analyze that site, and you've built something better, without them paying you a penny. Yep. You see what I'm saying? Yep. So, if you want this website, it's ready to go. It's just, the concept is very simple. It's just like, you know, you're walking in a party, and a photo, you know, camera guy is standing out there, takes your photo.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}