{"text":"Um, um, and Della and Flutterwave. No, I don't. Are you familiar with Andela and Flutterwave? Uh, Flutterwave sounds familiar. Andela was the first, um, African unicorn company that went from a startup to a billion valuation. This guy built that and then he started another company called Flutterwave and then now he has another, he has a fund where he invests in, um, in companies, early stage companies. Okay. So we might be able to help you on, on the funding side as well. Uh, I don't know if, you know, your partner, um, Colton is, you know, if he's handling your strategic finance aspect of your business. So we all raise money. We've got, yeah, we all, we all raise money. Um, and, uh, let me see here one second. Uh, did it load? No, it didn't. It did not build right. All right. Having some issues pushing it onto the, uh, pushing it to production. But I just did, I took, I took some, I took some, I took some screenshots of the, um, of the local, of the local dev. I'm going to set it to right now. Uh, let's see here. And again, this is just the raw version of that, that, that she's put out, but it, but it is 100%, um, SEO and AO optimized. All right. Just send that to you. Um, yeah, I'm already getting it on my, getting on my servers. I just showed you guys, um, yeah. So you actually click, you know, click around and whatnot, but, but yeah, I mean, that's, that's what's capable in about 20 minutes right there. Um, and then from there I spend, you know, the time fixing the UI and making it look. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So let's, let's talk about next steps. I think we're going to need another touch point before we get, you know, we can, you know, tie everything down. I'm late for a board meeting here. Um, at four o'clock. So, um, why don't we do this? Um, that's, can we schedule another call to kind of pick up? Okay. And to bring some clarity to the different, um, operating models and relationships and so on. Cause we've talked about a lot, you know, and, uh, and then what we can do is for each one of these modes of operation, we can figure out, okay, what's the best commercial structure, put the paper in place. And then while that's happening, we can start thinking about live ammo opportunities. Like I'm thinking about this Benford thing. I'd love to pull you into that. That's an ongoing relationship. And then I have, you know, two or three others that are similar to that, that we can pull you into that involve the same thing. It's all go to market, this development, you know, all this website optimization stuff that you can do. Yeah. Um, you know, the storefront, you know, um, and making that look good and making it much more impactful. Yeah. Basically turning that, that storefront into a, um, you know, a value driving asset rather than just a place to store documents and, and, uh, and information kind of thing is how I would position it. Let me, let me know your, um, your availability. Um, let's try to try to connect again later this week, maybe Thursday or Friday this week. I'll give it that. Like I said, um, I don't have anything pressing this week. Um, so, and even if I did, I would like to, you know, get this done. This is my priority right now because I see it's so much opportunity here. So, um, you tell me what works for you guys. I'll, I'll, I'll make it work. Okay. Oh, let me start. Oh, I'm sorry. I know you have to jump out, but I had a question that I was trying to ask. So usually when you, um, I like these sites and you, um, you know, an action, right? What are the extensions? Is it the DSP? Yes. What are the extensions? You know, is it web ready or, um, or like you just know what are the extensions on it? The extensions. I mean, so like I, uh, I run everything through Versal, you know, like I, I, I pushed it, I pushed the code to get hub and then I, and then I, and I deploy through, uh, I've deployed a production on Versal. So they're ready to go basically, you know, pretty, pretty fast. It doesn't matter what the home is. It doesn't matter what our destination is. It will, it will, it will still work fine. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well, uh, well, we'll connect again, um, Thursday, Friday, this week. Sounds good. And if you have anything, if you have anything else, email me. All right. Okay.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":324}}