{"text":"Exactly. Yeah. Wow. Now this is good stuff. This is definitely good stuff. Thank you. So, it's the demo. Yeah. Well, I'm doing it right now, honestly. I'm doing it right now. I'm showing you how fast I can build this Silvadoo site. It's almost done. Wow. So, let me see. Checking on our... So, we have 10 minutes left. Let's talk about next steps. Please, go ahead. Yeah. So, I'm sending you the NDA. It's a combination NDA and confidentiality agreement. We need to talk about what would be some sort of commercial construct for our relationship, right? And so, we may need to have multiple agreements, but there's an agreement where your firm would do work for our firm, okay? There's work where your firm would work with us, right, as one of our partners for work that we then do for our clients. Kind of like the Benford thing. The client is Benford. Benford, Brown & Associates is the accounting firm I'm telling you about. Benford, Brown. So, that's another mode that we can operate in. So, there's Leland plus Parlentum Consulting. There's Leland with Parlentum Consulting, right? There's Leland licensing the tech to Parlentum. I don't know if you already have some sort of licensing agreement that we could take up for that. And then we would have to have some sort of sub-licensing agreement to Kwame's point, right? Yep. And what else? I don't know. So, Leland Consult with Parlentum. Well, and then Brenda's on the phone, so she needs a website rebuilt for NurtureLink, right? Yep. So, there's Leland Consult with NurtureLink. Then we have Leland going to market with Parlentum. That's another use case. And then we have Leland licensing the tech to Parlentum and then Parlentum sub-licensing in the case that Kwame just described. One second here. The site's almost done. I'm just doing a couple tweaks here. Yeah, I know. All of what you said there, the meeting's been recorded, so I'll be able to go over this with Colton as well. Right. Is he the guy that has a finance background that you were telling me about? Yes, yeah. Ah, okay. Okay, we want to talk to him too. Absolutely. You're going to love him. Did you get the audit that I sent you? Did you just send it? I sent it about 10 minutes ago. Yeah, the audit for your solo deal. Oh, okay. Yeah, I didn't look over there yet. Okay. Well, let's see here. Let me look back at my desk over here and see how we're doing. All right, cool. Let's see. Almost done. You been timing me? Let's see here. I sent the first message to her at 2.37 for the audit. I had her start working on the site at 2.43. It's 2.54 right now. Let's see here. That's a scary tool, man. Uh-huh. Oh, you're there. He's still going to do audit. Yeah, I don't send it to anybody. That's a scary tool, man. I'll send it over right now. Yeah. It's fun. I love it. I have a lot of fun in this thing. Edwin, if you can also post it, put it in the chat, that would be great. The audit? Yeah, do that. I wasn't able to. I just forwarded it to Kwame and Brenda. Okay, cool. I'll put it in the chat. Email it? Yeah. All right. I'm about to send you all a link so you can see the site. Okay. All right. She's putting it on my website right now as a little thing. All right. All right. She's putting it on my website right now as a little thing. So we're at 20 minutes now. Cool. But, again, this is just a little – this is just the landing page. It's just like to show that a website can be made. This is showing you kind of like the raw output that I get. But the beauty of it is that this is fully – like everything that you see in that audit has been fixed, as far as the SEO and AO and whatnot. When I'm done with it, it'll look a lot, you know, prettier and whatnot. But I think you'll be impressed with what she was able to do in just a few minutes. All right. Let's see. Let's do this. All right. We got to eat, right? We got to eat, bro. I'm broke, bro. I got to eat. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, man. We can transform the whole webscape of Ghana pretty quickly if we can get in front of the right people now. Yeah. It won't take long. That just leads to all kinds of other opportunities. You know, dude, I meet people with money all the time that want to invest in Africa and various things. The problem is they're scared because I got totally screwed on the deal in Rwanda. How they're doing business in Africa is finding trustworthy people to do business with. That's right. And when they find them, they will pour obscene amounts of money into it because there's so much opportunity there. Right. So, you know, all right. I took screenshots of it because the build builds. Well, we could have another call because I'm connected up to some folks that are, you know, raising money and investing in companies and that sort of thing across the continent. Yeah. One of my business partners or relationships, I should say, we're not business partners just yet anyway, is, you know, Ian, the guy who started.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}