{"text":"but I have spent tens of thousands of dollars in 10 months building all this. So that's why I'm able to do it that fast. Now, obviously I don't tell anybody that, but because they don't get that. You know, those are things that aren't a success. You know, you gotta work your ass off and then you have the ability to do these things. But yeah, so I built a system that's quite autonomous and it scales autonomously as well. Every month, this PSEO engine adds more pages based on the results from the previous month. Yeah, so it scales autonomously as well, yeah. Wow, wow, that's amazing. And then you mentioned that you do some go-to-market work as well. Can you talk a little bit about that? Yeah, so our main goal as a consulting company is to have the website be the entry point and then we can also go in and see, okay, so what else is going wrong, right? I mean, we can do business development consulting as far as help them generate leads for sales. We can inbound, outbound. You know, if they're like an oil services company, we can help them, you know, with optimized logistics, things like that. I mean, I built, if you go to jordanlabs.com, there are several different, like, both prototype products that I built and actual working products that I've built for different companies showing what I like to do, you know, as far as like, my favorite thing is if someone is, you know, has these arduous manual processes that they do every day, I like to build an ad-powered solution to, you know, cut that out. For example, what else do I want to talk about? I just like to use, yeah, so the example I love, the example I love to use the most is my first client with this sort of thing, I met him at a bar, literally downstairs here in my building and he ran business development for a property management company and he told me, and I asked him, I'm like, so what, is there any just obnoxious things you have to do every day? And he goes, yeah, actually, like, me and my team, every morning, we have this spreadsheet and this spreadsheet and we have to copy and paste stuff from each one and build a new spreadsheet with it. I'm like, give me two hours. I sat there with my laptop there at the bar, literally, while drinking bourbon, building this thing. I'm like, here, try this. He's looking at it, he goes, how the fuck did you do that? It's hilarious. I was like, well, I just did, but you don't have to do that stuff anymore. You just don't. People are afraid of AI, they're still kitschy about it, and I get that. If you don't know what you're doing, you can be obviously a monster at your stuff. This is not cool. But if you know what you're doing, it can just make life a lot easier. It's not going to do your job for you, but what it's gonna do is it's going to augment your job. It's gonna make you more effective if it's properly implemented. Yeah, brilliant, brilliant. Love it, love it. Wow. Well, in the time remaining, I know we wanted to see the demo. Brenda, you're particularly interested in that. Please, please, please. I have a question for you if you don't mind. Go ahead, go ahead, Kwame. Okay, so Lee, first of all, you're our engineer, and I really applaud you guys. Engineers are crazy. Yes, we are. They see things in different ways, developers, is what I'm saying. They architect things in a whole new different realm before the development is done. So I really applaud you. I haven't seen the tool yet, but I know it's a great tool. You see what I'm saying? I saw what you did on the Parlinum site, and I said, that's crazy. I literally went through a page, right page, trying to see, I was trying to verify properly how the AI structured Parlinum website itself, right? How test-wise, all the works, right? Based upon the capability of what we are about, the way AI put, or arranged our capabilities, it was amazing, is what I'm saying. So the question I have for you is, like everyone was saying, I get companies that comes to me, this website, I have this website. Traditionally, building a site is expensive, right? Right, yeah. If you're doing it in America, it's crazy. If you're doing it in Africa, yeah, if you're doing it in Africa, well, it's still crazy, but it's a little affordable, you know, because for here, you're ranging between $5,000 to $10,000 a website, right? In Africa, you're looking at maybe $3,000 to $5,000 maybe, right, with the pace of how your tool can generate a website, right? Have you thought about your pricing structure? Yeah, so, you know, it's, for me, if there's volume there, I can do it for very cheap. You know, I'm willing to do it for very little money, right? As you now know how long it takes me to do it, you know, if it's for, you know, if it's for a friend that needs a helping hand, I'll do it for a lot less, you know. In the conversations that Edmund and I have had, you know, there's opportunities where there's, you know, group sessions where, you know, 10, 15 sales might happen. Okay, then that's gonna go way down. You know, I, you always wanna, like, you know, under-promise, over-deliver kind of thing, and negotiating sales, as I'm sure everyone here can agree, you never wanna start where your floor is, you know, so with that said, great question, and yes, I can do things drastically cheaper, but I just need to eat, and, you know, cover my costs and whatnot. Yeah, I gotcha, and the reason why, you know, I asked this question, you know, part of it was, you know, it's a money service environment where I have contracts, right, that kind of thing, right? If your tool is that effective, there's gonna be an influx amount of websites that will be phished through our funnel, right? From where I sit, you know, I sit more, it's more like a cross-border type of services that I'm providing, you know, because I'm actually a transition to little Gummy, right? Think about it this way, on an enterprise level, right? Possibly, maybe 40% of companies, if I'm not mistaken, possibly maybe 47% of companies say that I do have a website. Really? Right? With that, yeah, with the introduction of AI, you know, the well-known that this type of rate, they will be forced to get some type of web-facing, you know, business, right? Some representation, right? So, the price of it is what scares them off mostly, right? You know, there was this conversation that I, I think I price-pointed, you know, the customer for about $12,000, right? And no, it wasn't no good, they bought whatever, they had a meeting over meetings over meetings, you know, then I basically went back, started speaking with my clients on the ground about what is, you know, the price points for these websites, right? And what I had was, okay, the most anybody pays for a website in Africa is mostly maybe $2,000, right? Okay, that's why. Then they said, well, first of all, the businesses are not more web-facing, right? They are more typical, very traditional, right? But, if your pricing is not great, what happens is, everybody comes to you. That's the way it works. Yeah, probably, that's beautiful, beautiful, yeah. You see what I'm saying? Absolutely. So, I started developing a pricing strategy where, okay, let me see what the market margin is, and let me see how best I can build a very solid website for them without putting in all, you know, crazy technical, attributes in it that I cannot use, right? That is how I started getting a lot of people call me for a website, right? But, the timeline for these websites take longer because I'm not using AI, right?","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}