{"text":"but before asking you, shows you the photo and says, do you like it? If you like it, pay me, right? Yeah. Jennifer asked, but you just analyzed it, you showed the person, and the person said yes, and then you paid it, right? Yeah. That's what's gonna happen, that's one. The second part is, introducing this tool to other software developers that will pay subscription for the tool, right, to actually optimize or build faster software, right? So we say, hey, $100 a month, right, you have access to this tool, you're using, what, two months to build a website, now I'm giving you a tool that can analyze a website for you, that can do this, that can do that, that can do that, you know, for you, within minutes, right? It's a sell point, right? Yeah. That's a second business model that I'm thinking. The last part of it is this, then there's the last part of it, right? Taking this tool, right, and Edmo, that's where you're going, right, on coming, taking this tool, and putting it in front of some big names, right, right, and basically blowing it up, you know, I say, hey, this can help with your organization based off of the need, right? Yeah. It can be built, a custom development can be done based off on what the need for the company is, you know, and that is on the larger, you know, that is on the, you know, the grand, you know, pedestal, but the first thing that I say is something that, for me, I'm telling you, in Africa, this is gold. Oh, bro, I'm excited right now, because, like, you're talking about Africa, I am all about Africa, dude, seriously, I'm not even joking, I built. I'm mad, I'm mad. I built, no, I actually owned a, I owned a, I used to own a paperback factory in Kigali, Rwanda for a while. Oh, is that America? Yeah, yeah, man, no, like, I wanna do business in Africa so bad, that's the final frontier, man, it is. Like, God, it's huge. That's your way in. Yeah, dude, let's go to God and make some money. Like, dude, I'm telling you, dude, like, I was gonna put this, she's already done with the audit. I'll try to put it in the chat here, but I don't have the, I'm not privileged to do it. It says, you can't send messages because you're not a member of this chat. Whoever established the meeting can allow it. I think anyone can allow it. All right. Yeah, what am I gonna do? I have no idea. Well, I don't know. I'll send it, I mean, is it a link sending to our admin's, admin's portal or something? I can just, I'll just, I'll just, I'll email it to the admin real quick. Yeah, and everybody can forward it anyway, so I can see. You know, yeah, but this is, this is big, man. This is big in the sense that I really foresee how this is gonna be so impactful, you know, when it comes to, you know, delivery in Africa, you know, and I say Africa, I'm not even talking about Ghana, right, because Africa is huge. That's what I'm saying. You know, the point of me for this type of technology, yeah, the point of me for this type of technology is amazing, right? And you know, the other businesses that usually come to me are websites that were developed, but they were, you know, have not developed, right? So people pay money to develop the websites. They don't like the website, then they go looking for another developer, right? And Edmond, do you know who even came to me for a website? You know, a whole frickin' subversive that came to me to review a website. This guy has businesses in three different countries. Right? And came to me and he said, look, man, I don't like the site I've got. You know, can you guys develop a site for me? So that's how this is going to be so impactful. Yep, yep. So Leland, so just right there, right? This is what I meant earlier when I said that we could be, we could operate multimodally here, right? There's stuff that we can do together, right? And share in the spoils. There's, you know, Klama just mentioned, you know, a licensing opportunity, right? Where your firm licenses to Parlinum and then Parlinum licenses to those developers that Kwame's already plugged into. Did we lose Kwame? No, no, there he is, right? Yep. I love that idea. I'm sure that we can think of other ways that we can connect here to make, you know, to make some money and all this, so. I love that idea. What I want to do, I think we should do, regarding licensing and whatnot, you know, I love this idea about the cybersecurity stuff because that there is easy. I've already built standalone cybersecurity tools as far as, you know, you just put the website URL in there and it scrapes the source code and gives you a security audit, you know, to show you where you're vulnerable. That right there also is a great entry point to a company being like, this is, you know, the free offering, you know, here's what's wrong. Let us fix it for you, right? That's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah, and there are a number of other, let me give you a perfect example of something we're working on right now, okay? So we have a contract relationship with a black female-owned accounting firm. We've mentioned this to me, yeah. Yeah, okay, that, right? And so they've hired us to go to market, biz development, that sort of thing, okay? Some of what you're bringing to the table are tools to help increase the effectiveness of their go-to-market strategy and all the rest of it. And so what we're doing with them is, in the fulfillment of this business development contract that we have with them, rather than having them just, you know, give us a list of companies that they want to try to penetrate, we're actually working with them to build the infrastructure internally, both in terms of people, process, and technology, to be able to not just engage with us to help us to grow their business, but also to build capacity and capability internally so that they can be much more effective in the business development, go-to-market strategies and tools that we're teaching them. Now, one of two things is gonna happen. Either they are going to take what we've taught them, right, and continue on their own without our support, or we are going to become their business development, go-to-market function indefinitely, and then they continue to pay us a retainer and all the rest of it. And it's tools like these SEO tools and some of the other things that you're describing that I think would be very impactful to that relationship. Up to and including, by the way, a refresh of their website and ways in which we can help them to use their website as a key component of their forward motion around go-to-market and sales and all the rest of it. So we're basically taking what they, the infrastructure they have in place and taking it to the next level in terms of their existing business as well as future business that they're looking to penetrate into. That's just one. We have about three or four of these similar types of relationships on deck. And that firm is connected to a network of like 40 other accounting firms. Awesome. Where we can essentially do the same thing. Yeah, I mean, accounting firms need, if they're not already implementing AI solutions, they need to right now accounting it. Yes. They're done in three years if they do not get on the bandwagon right now. Because AI can do their jobs for them in two seconds. It can. That's it. That's it. In fact, one of the things that we're doing as part of this whole go-to-market strategy for them is we're doing an environmental scan and providing that to them to show how the overall environment is changing and the kinds of things that they're gonna need to do in order to be able to survive in the future so that the business model we help them to rationalize is gonna be more forward-looking, not backward-looking in terms of what they've been doing in the past. But to your point, AI, blockchain, what are you gonna do in a world where the ledgers become self-auditing, which is what blockchain is, right? Why do you need an auditor to audit ledgers that are self-auditing? You don't. Yeah, no. So honestly, this is a great use case to show you what we can do on the consulting side. If you give me that company's name or whatever, and I'm willing to, you know, do we have an NDA together yet? No, I'm gonna send you our, you know, it's a NDA and confidentiality. I'll send that to you. Yeah, yeah, send me an NCNDA or whatever, and I'll sign that. But you can give me the company name. I'll put together a whole presentation on why they need to implement AI and then just for shits and giggles, as much as I can, I'll actually build like a live prototype of something that is gonna scare the shit out of them. Yeah. You know, because that's how you, that's a great way to sell, is to scare somebody into buying. So, I mean, like, I'll tell you here, this one's gonna do your job in about a year. I already have it. There you go. You want it? Right.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}