{"text":"I knew that no worries yeah so so basically you know I what I developed over the last you know 10 months or so is a system you know it's AI driven that's proprietary to me that I built and I was built an AI agent on top of it basically I run everything through like my she's awesome anyway so I basically can take a company name their old website URL to a little bit about the company and within about an hour so she'll have 85% of the website built for and that's it requires a back-end wire up it does all that I don't know if you know what that means but it's a pain in the ass to do I hate doing it so I let her do it you know just the nuts and bolts the you know the bones of the website the the the digital structure the the SEO structure and whatnot how familiar are you with SEO so okay so that's a I search so answer engine optimization so answer engine yeah answer engine optimization so what what that means is this so Chattopadhyay, Claude, Gemini, Grok all those are what are called LLMs large language models and their search capability is basically is what's called an answer engine and so when you search on Google you're looking good Google is looking for a number of different things to rank their search right it's you know part of proximity you part of is you know keywords you know backlinks all this stuff that's been going on for you know decades now that sites used to write there's you know the five bones of SEO they're standard and they're gonna change and what happened last year q2 of last year Google searches went down for the first time ever since their inception because people are starting to use AI to search a lot more and it's only gonna get you know more lopsided so what AI looks for when you search with with AI perplexity, Gemini, whatever they are looking for answers to your question and so what that with that they're looking for the highest authority on that subject matter and that and that particular question asked for so like let's say you are running a search for best coffee shop in DC right well so they're gonna look for is which coffee shop website is the highest authority on coffee in the area authoritativeness is the biggest driver for AI search so like if you're if you have you know FAQs about coffee and the coffee in the DC area if you have you know blog posts about you know different regions of coffee around the world that how you source your coffee you know things like that things that increase your authoritativeness is by 60% of AI search okay you know relevancy and then so you know having AI generated images with proper alt text it's huge you know there aren't a defined five pillars of a AO but those are the main ones is authoritativeness and you know being able to be seen by the AI with proper schema all that stuff and so the the last layer that I put on when optimizing a website that most people don't do I'm and quite honestly I've not met anyone else that does use this for actual just regular SEO for but for clients is what's called programmatic SEO so programmatic SEO means that so what is what it's mostly used for is affiliate marketing so are y'all are y'all familiar with affiliate marketing yeah okay so I know I'll tell you what what affiliate marketing is and then you know and then you know usually if this is what affinity marketing is so affiliate marketing is let's say I'll give you an example because I I was setting one up when I stumbled upon this and decided to flip it on its head and use it for SEO so I was setting up websites for folks that need to replace washing well while washing machine parts so how this works is suppose washing machine breaks they find the part that's broken and they need to order a replacement part that part number they search the part number and they find that part you know via either going directly to Amazon or to wherever I built what are called PSEO pages so that when they search that part they show up on my page find the part and then if they go and then they fight and then there's a link that they click that takes them to Amazon to that part now being an Amazon affiliate marketer I'm able to get paid every time somebody buys the part through my link now I built a website with I think 800 pages on it you know for these affiliate marketing you know to get paid when people buy new parts so I'm like okay I built this engine that can build 800 pages in about you know 30 minutes or whatever why don't I use that for SEO that sounds powerful so I turn it around it's basically when I am architecting this site for a client my AI agent figured out the best use case for PSEO for the company for the client and built out anywhere from 30 to 50 pages you know to increase their SEO visibility for example a restaurant right here in Houston we have different areas of Houston you know River Oaks Galleria you know downtown Heights so on and so forth if I'm gonna one of my first clients was a restaurant over in this area called Garden Oaks it's about 50 it's about 15 minutes from here in downtown little little like kind of cafe vibes but super upscale restaurant and so I implemented this PSEO strategy for them and the best use case for it was basically creating local sites in all these different areas you know with different keywords like so in River Oaks I think there's like four or five of these pages to where when people search for date night restaurant or romantic restaurant or even catering or you know best fresh fresh best French restaurant near me they pop up because I've set up these optimized PSEO pages in their area to where if they all it to where it before it all they had was just the main website that they have a much hard time ranking in as a code then without me having those pages there so it's all about being like really surgically precise but on a macro scale like for every client and it does work it works very well so that's you know the website part of things I can get I can literally you know I obviously you know go everything everything myself extensively but like the AI part it's done it within an hour and then you know me I'm gonna take another few hours you know going over all the copy making sure you know I didn't hallucinate on things you know yeah so forth you know tweaking the the UI UX they may look pretty I'll generate I'll generate it myself you know I'll do all that all in all within a day I've got a very good website for a client. Now that might not sound like a lot of time.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}{"text":"but I have spent tens of thousands of dollars in 10 months building all this. So that's why I'm able to do it that fast. Now, obviously I don't tell anybody that, but because they don't get that. You know, those are things that aren't a success. You know, you gotta work your ass off and then you have the ability to do these things. But yeah, so I built a system that's quite autonomous and it scales autonomously as well. Every month, this PSEO engine adds more pages based on the results from the previous month. Yeah, so it scales autonomously as well, yeah. Wow, wow, that's amazing. And then you mentioned that you do some go-to-market work as well. Can you talk a little bit about that? Yeah, so our main goal as a consulting company is to have the website be the entry point and then we can also go in and see, okay, so what else is going wrong, right? I mean, we can do business development consulting as far as help them generate leads for sales. We can inbound, outbound. You know, if they're like an oil services company, we can help them, you know, with optimized logistics, things like that. I mean, I built, if you go to jordanlabs.com, there are several different, like, both prototype products that I built and actual working products that I've built for different companies showing what I like to do, you know, as far as like, my favorite thing is if someone is, you know, has these arduous manual processes that they do every day, I like to build an ad-powered solution to, you know, cut that out. For example, what else do I want to talk about? I just like to use, yeah, so the example I love, the example I love to use the most is my first client with this sort of thing, I met him at a bar, literally downstairs here in my building and he ran business development for a property management company and he told me, and I asked him, I'm like, so what, is there any just obnoxious things you have to do every day? And he goes, yeah, actually, like, me and my team, every morning, we have this spreadsheet and this spreadsheet and we have to copy and paste stuff from each one and build a new spreadsheet with it. I'm like, give me two hours. I sat there with my laptop there at the bar, literally, while drinking bourbon, building this thing. I'm like, here, try this. He's looking at it, he goes, how the fuck did you do that? It's hilarious. I was like, well, I just did, but you don't have to do that stuff anymore. You just don't. People are afraid of AI, they're still kitschy about it, and I get that. If you don't know what you're doing, you can be obviously a monster at your stuff. This is not cool. But if you know what you're doing, it can just make life a lot easier. It's not going to do your job for you, but what it's gonna do is it's going to augment your job. It's gonna make you more effective if it's properly implemented. Yeah, brilliant, brilliant. Love it, love it. Wow. Well, in the time remaining, I know we wanted to see the demo. Brenda, you're particularly interested in that. Please, please, please. I have a question for you if you don't mind. Go ahead, go ahead, Kwame. Okay, so Lee, first of all, you're our engineer, and I really applaud you guys. Engineers are crazy. Yes, we are. They see things in different ways, developers, is what I'm saying. They architect things in a whole new different realm before the development is done. So I really applaud you. I haven't seen the tool yet, but I know it's a great tool. You see what I'm saying? I saw what you did on the Parlinum site, and I said, that's crazy. I literally went through a page, right page, trying to see, I was trying to verify properly how the AI structured Parlinum website itself, right? How test-wise, all the works, right? Based upon the capability of what we are about, the way AI put, or arranged our capabilities, it was amazing, is what I'm saying. So the question I have for you is, like everyone was saying, I get companies that comes to me, this website, I have this website. Traditionally, building a site is expensive, right? Right, yeah. If you're doing it in America, it's crazy. If you're doing it in Africa, yeah, if you're doing it in Africa, well, it's still crazy, but it's a little affordable, you know, because for here, you're ranging between $5,000 to $10,000 a website, right? In Africa, you're looking at maybe $3,000 to $5,000 maybe, right, with the pace of how your tool can generate a website, right? Have you thought about your pricing structure? Yeah, so, you know, it's, for me, if there's volume there, I can do it for very cheap. You know, I'm willing to do it for very little money, right? As you now know how long it takes me to do it, you know, if it's for, you know, if it's for a friend that needs a helping hand, I'll do it for a lot less, you know. In the conversations that Edmund and I have had, you know, there's opportunities where there's, you know, group sessions where, you know, 10, 15 sales might happen. Okay, then that's gonna go way down. You know, I, you always wanna, like, you know, under-promise, over-deliver kind of thing, and negotiating sales, as I'm sure everyone here can agree, you never wanna start where your floor is, you know, so with that said, great question, and yes, I can do things drastically cheaper, but I just need to eat, and, you know, cover my costs and whatnot. Yeah, I gotcha, and the reason why, you know, I asked this question, you know, part of it was, you know, it's a money service environment where I have contracts, right, that kind of thing, right? If your tool is that effective, there's gonna be an influx amount of websites that will be phished through our funnel, right? From where I sit, you know, I sit more, it's more like a cross-border type of services that I'm providing, you know, because I'm actually a transition to little Gummy, right? Think about it this way, on an enterprise level, right? Possibly, maybe 40% of companies, if I'm not mistaken, possibly maybe 47% of companies say that I do have a website. Really? Right? With that, yeah, with the introduction of AI, you know, the well-known that this type of rate, they will be forced to get some type of web-facing, you know, business, right? Some representation, right? So, the price of it is what scares them off mostly, right? You know, there was this conversation that I, I think I price-pointed, you know, the customer for about $12,000, right? And no, it wasn't no good, they bought whatever, they had a meeting over meetings over meetings, you know, then I basically went back, started speaking with my clients on the ground about what is, you know, the price points for these websites, right? And what I had was, okay, the most anybody pays for a website in Africa is mostly maybe $2,000, right? Okay, that's why. Then they said, well, first of all, the businesses are not more web-facing, right? They are more typical, very traditional, right? But, if your pricing is not great, what happens is, everybody comes to you. That's the way it works. Yeah, probably, that's beautiful, beautiful, yeah. You see what I'm saying? Absolutely. So, I started developing a pricing strategy where, okay, let me see what the market margin is, and let me see how best I can build a very solid website for them without putting in all, you know, crazy technical, attributes in it that I cannot use, right? That is how I started getting a lot of people call me for a website, right? But, the timeline for these websites take longer because I'm not using AI, right?","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}{"text":"So my developers that work with me might take maybe two months sometimes, depending on back and forth with the customer. You know, what is the requirement? What is that? The customer wants to see it. You know, I'm in a transition like that right now. You know, customer wants to see it. No, I don't want this. I don't want that. Can you do this? Well, I don't like the verbiage, can we change the verbiage? So all of that, back and forth, back and forth, it takes almost about a month and a half to two months. This tool can create a website in two hours. That is crazy. That is crazy. Yeah. So just think about that. Having that, that two months into, let's say, a day. Yeah. That into two hours. Let's say a day. Then you use another day or two to just analyze the site with the client. Within three days, you deliver. That's crazy. Yeah, yeah. Because that is a lot. Yeah, you're gonna have a lot of people come to you and your price strategy maybe is below, let's say, $2,000. Let's say, 1,005 or 1,007, right? Yeah. You have a market. You have a market. Call me, honestly, if you're saying 47% of businesses don't have a website, right? And, like, I don't know the guy on the market regarding marketing, but how difficult is it to get in front of these companies? Because, like, I'm thinking we go even lower, to be honest. If it's gonna be that kind of a volume, we can go... One minute, let me just see if I put in an important call. Hold on one second. Sure. Oh, and it was spam. Good, all right. We could even go, like, 12, 13, right? And, like, really just get everybody. Because, I mean, at scale, I can make these things even faster, really. If all they need is, like, a landing page, and, like, if all they need is just, like, some kind of web presence, I can... On that note, you mentioned the scale word. That was my question is, what is your plan for scaling this? And, you know, what's the capacity? So, if, right now, the capacity, you are the binding constraint on capacity, right? You know, is it possible to train other people? And, you know, what's the plan to scale? And, even as we're talking about pricing, we gotta talk about the cost side of it, because the difference between the price and the cost is the profit, right? So, how many of these things can you actually crank out in a day by yourself? And then, how do we scale it so that we can actually capture that higher volume in the marketplace, and won't be required from a cost perspective in order to capture that market? You know, assuming we're able to get other people trained on how to deliver in addition to yourself. Um, quite a lot, as far as how much I can do in one day. Okay. Like, probably whatever number's in your head, it's double that. That's just me. The manual part of it, I am decreasing every day. I work on this every day. Like, just yesterday, I kinda got past quite a big hurdle as far as, you know, the UI and UX part of it, because the website is perfectly optimized for search and whatnot. The digital strategy is perfect when I get it from my agent, you know? I am mostly going over the web, the copies she's written, you know, the design elements. You know, AI hallucinates sometimes, right? As far as what you see, the visual stuff, you know? The text will say some stupid shit sometimes. It's like, it's just made up. I remember when I was putting together my, I've got like a nationwide network of SEO consultants of SEO sites, and she like, put the five boroughs of New York at the bottom of all of them, you know? Like, granted, I couldn't, I couldn't, what was I saying? I got this text, I just did. We're talking about the scaling, and. Oh, that's what I was saying, yeah. Right, so obviously, you know, like, that one mistake is still great, because I couldn't make 18 websites myself in the three hours it took her. But, you know, the manual part of it is just basically, is UI and UX, and it's, you know, QA, it's quality assurance, right? But with that said, I am decreasing, I'm decreasing the manual part of it every day, and probably in a couple weeks, I'm gonna have it to where what she spits out is gonna be like 95% ready to go. Yeah, I'm not too far away from that. So the scale can be quite massive. How many websites, at this moment, without incurring any additional cost on your part, how many websites can you produce per day? That are actually ready to go and properly QA'd? I mean, it may be, even if it's like 80% of the way there, so that someone like a Kwame can then take it, engage with the client, and finish it off, and then hand it over as a deliverable. In a couple days, when I finish this current part that I'm working on, I can literally do like 50. 60. 60 a day? A day? I'm not even kidding, bro. I can't, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, no, this is good, right? I mean. Come on, man. Serious, yeah. No, and- Honestly, watch this. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Yeah. Give me a couple- Go ahead, Kwame. Go ahead, man. I don't know where you're going. Give me a couple of these sites. Any site. Sorry, any site? Yeah. Any site. Hey, man, give him SILVADEW. SILVADEW? Okay. S-I-L-V-A-D-E-W dot com. All right, one second here. S-I-L-V-A-D-E-W dot com. SILVADEW. S-I- Got you, got you. Give me one second. I gotta send this to somebody real quick. S-I-L-V-A-D-E-W dot com. All right, and I'm actually gonna do it from my phone so you can see how I have this set up. All right, so. This is. This is Android 18 right here. This is my agent. And so, let's see. Full audit on SILVADEW dot com. All right. Now what she's gonna do. What she's gonna do here in about two or three minutes, she's gonna have a full audit of the site. What's wrong with it from an SEO, AEO, and PSEO standpoint. And what we need to do to fix it. And then I'll ask her to show me an architecture plan. She'll do that. And I'll be like, all right, do it. And she'll do it. Yeah, for me. Yeah, so this. So, from my standpoint, this is where I really, really think this is gonna be very impactful. So already, a ready-to-go website, right? That is currently web-facing. You know, websites that are currently existing, right? There are web developers that have, that really have very minimal web development experience, right? They create site, but it's easy for hackers, or it's easy for any individual that actually do have a little sense of security to penetrate, right? You know, to mess with, right? So, one side of a business decision will be analyzing existing websites, right? And showcasing to the clients that, hey, these are the vulnerabilities that are currently existing in your site, and this is how best we can rebuild your site to make it better. Matter of fact, I have a sample, right? A white label-ish. I have created a sample of your site, and I need you to take a look at it. This is better than what you have, right? It's already sold. It's a selling point, because the customer will see that you've taken time to analyze that site, and you've built something better, without them paying you a penny. Yep. You see what I'm saying? Yep. So, if you want this website, it's ready to go. It's just, the concept is very simple. It's just like, you know, you're walking in a party, and a photo, you know, camera guy is standing out there, takes your photo.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}{"text":"but before asking you, shows you the photo and says, do you like it? If you like it, pay me, right? Yeah. Jennifer asked, but you just analyzed it, you showed the person, and the person said yes, and then you paid it, right? Yeah. That's what's gonna happen, that's one. The second part is, introducing this tool to other software developers that will pay subscription for the tool, right, to actually optimize or build faster software, right? So we say, hey, $100 a month, right, you have access to this tool, you're using, what, two months to build a website, now I'm giving you a tool that can analyze a website for you, that can do this, that can do that, that can do that, you know, for you, within minutes, right? It's a sell point, right? Yeah. That's a second business model that I'm thinking. The last part of it is this, then there's the last part of it, right? Taking this tool, right, and Edmo, that's where you're going, right, on coming, taking this tool, and putting it in front of some big names, right, right, and basically blowing it up, you know, I say, hey, this can help with your organization based off of the need, right? Yeah. It can be built, a custom development can be done based off on what the need for the company is, you know, and that is on the larger, you know, that is on the, you know, the grand, you know, pedestal, but the first thing that I say is something that, for me, I'm telling you, in Africa, this is gold. Oh, bro, I'm excited right now, because, like, you're talking about Africa, I am all about Africa, dude, seriously, I'm not even joking, I built. I'm mad, I'm mad. I built, no, I actually owned a, I owned a, I used to own a paperback factory in Kigali, Rwanda for a while. Oh, is that America? Yeah, yeah, man, no, like, I wanna do business in Africa so bad, that's the final frontier, man, it is. Like, God, it's huge. That's your way in. Yeah, dude, let's go to God and make some money. Like, dude, I'm telling you, dude, like, I was gonna put this, she's already done with the audit. I'll try to put it in the chat here, but I don't have the, I'm not privileged to do it. It says, you can't send messages because you're not a member of this chat. Whoever established the meeting can allow it. I think anyone can allow it. All right. Yeah, what am I gonna do? I have no idea. Well, I don't know. I'll send it, I mean, is it a link sending to our admin's, admin's portal or something? I can just, I'll just, I'll just, I'll email it to the admin real quick. Yeah, and everybody can forward it anyway, so I can see. You know, yeah, but this is, this is big, man. This is big in the sense that I really foresee how this is gonna be so impactful, you know, when it comes to, you know, delivery in Africa, you know, and I say Africa, I'm not even talking about Ghana, right, because Africa is huge. That's what I'm saying. You know, the point of me for this type of technology, yeah, the point of me for this type of technology is amazing, right? And you know, the other businesses that usually come to me are websites that were developed, but they were, you know, have not developed, right? So people pay money to develop the websites. They don't like the website, then they go looking for another developer, right? And Edmond, do you know who even came to me for a website? You know, a whole frickin' subversive that came to me to review a website. This guy has businesses in three different countries. Right? And came to me and he said, look, man, I don't like the site I've got. You know, can you guys develop a site for me? So that's how this is going to be so impactful. Yep, yep. So Leland, so just right there, right? This is what I meant earlier when I said that we could be, we could operate multimodally here, right? There's stuff that we can do together, right? And share in the spoils. There's, you know, Klama just mentioned, you know, a licensing opportunity, right? Where your firm licenses to Parlinum and then Parlinum licenses to those developers that Kwame's already plugged into. Did we lose Kwame? No, no, there he is, right? Yep. I love that idea. I'm sure that we can think of other ways that we can connect here to make, you know, to make some money and all this, so. I love that idea. What I want to do, I think we should do, regarding licensing and whatnot, you know, I love this idea about the cybersecurity stuff because that there is easy. I've already built standalone cybersecurity tools as far as, you know, you just put the website URL in there and it scrapes the source code and gives you a security audit, you know, to show you where you're vulnerable. That right there also is a great entry point to a company being like, this is, you know, the free offering, you know, here's what's wrong. Let us fix it for you, right? That's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah, and there are a number of other, let me give you a perfect example of something we're working on right now, okay? So we have a contract relationship with a black female-owned accounting firm. We've mentioned this to me, yeah. Yeah, okay, that, right? And so they've hired us to go to market, biz development, that sort of thing, okay? Some of what you're bringing to the table are tools to help increase the effectiveness of their go-to-market strategy and all the rest of it. And so what we're doing with them is, in the fulfillment of this business development contract that we have with them, rather than having them just, you know, give us a list of companies that they want to try to penetrate, we're actually working with them to build the infrastructure internally, both in terms of people, process, and technology, to be able to not just engage with us to help us to grow their business, but also to build capacity and capability internally so that they can be much more effective in the business development, go-to-market strategies and tools that we're teaching them. Now, one of two things is gonna happen. Either they are going to take what we've taught them, right, and continue on their own without our support, or we are going to become their business development, go-to-market function indefinitely, and then they continue to pay us a retainer and all the rest of it. And it's tools like these SEO tools and some of the other things that you're describing that I think would be very impactful to that relationship. Up to and including, by the way, a refresh of their website and ways in which we can help them to use their website as a key component of their forward motion around go-to-market and sales and all the rest of it. So we're basically taking what they, the infrastructure they have in place and taking it to the next level in terms of their existing business as well as future business that they're looking to penetrate into. That's just one. We have about three or four of these similar types of relationships on deck. And that firm is connected to a network of like 40 other accounting firms. Awesome. Where we can essentially do the same thing. Yeah, I mean, accounting firms need, if they're not already implementing AI solutions, they need to right now accounting it. Yes. They're done in three years if they do not get on the bandwagon right now. Because AI can do their jobs for them in two seconds. It can. That's it. That's it. In fact, one of the things that we're doing as part of this whole go-to-market strategy for them is we're doing an environmental scan and providing that to them to show how the overall environment is changing and the kinds of things that they're gonna need to do in order to be able to survive in the future so that the business model we help them to rationalize is gonna be more forward-looking, not backward-looking in terms of what they've been doing in the past. But to your point, AI, blockchain, what are you gonna do in a world where the ledgers become self-auditing, which is what blockchain is, right? Why do you need an auditor to audit ledgers that are self-auditing? You don't. Yeah, no. So honestly, this is a great use case to show you what we can do on the consulting side. If you give me that company's name or whatever, and I'm willing to, you know, do we have an NDA together yet? No, I'm gonna send you our, you know, it's a NDA and confidentiality. I'll send that to you. Yeah, yeah, send me an NCNDA or whatever, and I'll sign that. But you can give me the company name. I'll put together a whole presentation on why they need to implement AI and then just for shits and giggles, as much as I can, I'll actually build like a live prototype of something that is gonna scare the shit out of them. Yeah. You know, because that's how you, that's a great way to sell, is to scare somebody into buying. So, I mean, like, I'll tell you here, this one's gonna do your job in about a year. I already have it. There you go. You want it? Right.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}{"text":"Exactly. Yeah. Wow. Now this is good stuff. This is definitely good stuff. Thank you. So, it's the demo. Yeah. Well, I'm doing it right now, honestly. I'm doing it right now. I'm showing you how fast I can build this Silvadoo site. It's almost done. Wow. So, let me see. Checking on our... So, we have 10 minutes left. Let's talk about next steps. Please, go ahead. Yeah. So, I'm sending you the NDA. It's a combination NDA and confidentiality agreement. We need to talk about what would be some sort of commercial construct for our relationship, right? And so, we may need to have multiple agreements, but there's an agreement where your firm would do work for our firm, okay? There's work where your firm would work with us, right, as one of our partners for work that we then do for our clients. Kind of like the Benford thing. The client is Benford. Benford, Brown & Associates is the accounting firm I'm telling you about. Benford, Brown. So, that's another mode that we can operate in. So, there's Leland plus Parlentum Consulting. There's Leland with Parlentum Consulting, right? There's Leland licensing the tech to Parlentum. I don't know if you already have some sort of licensing agreement that we could take up for that. And then we would have to have some sort of sub-licensing agreement to Kwame's point, right? Yep. And what else? I don't know. So, Leland Consult with Parlentum. Well, and then Brenda's on the phone, so she needs a website rebuilt for NurtureLink, right? Yep. So, there's Leland Consult with NurtureLink. Then we have Leland going to market with Parlentum. That's another use case. And then we have Leland licensing the tech to Parlentum and then Parlentum sub-licensing in the case that Kwame just described. One second here. The site's almost done. I'm just doing a couple tweaks here. Yeah, I know. All of what you said there, the meeting's been recorded, so I'll be able to go over this with Colton as well. Right. Is he the guy that has a finance background that you were telling me about? Yes, yeah. Ah, okay. Okay, we want to talk to him too. Absolutely. You're going to love him. Did you get the audit that I sent you? Did you just send it? I sent it about 10 minutes ago. Yeah, the audit for your solo deal. Oh, okay. Yeah, I didn't look over there yet. Okay. Well, let's see here. Let me look back at my desk over here and see how we're doing. All right, cool. Let's see. Almost done. You been timing me? Let's see here. I sent the first message to her at 2.37 for the audit. I had her start working on the site at 2.43. It's 2.54 right now. Let's see here. That's a scary tool, man. Uh-huh. Oh, you're there. He's still going to do audit. Yeah, I don't send it to anybody. That's a scary tool, man. I'll send it over right now. Yeah. It's fun. I love it. I have a lot of fun in this thing. Edwin, if you can also post it, put it in the chat, that would be great. The audit? Yeah, do that. I wasn't able to. I just forwarded it to Kwame and Brenda. Okay, cool. I'll put it in the chat. Email it? Yeah. All right. I'm about to send you all a link so you can see the site. Okay. All right. She's putting it on my website right now as a little thing. All right. All right. She's putting it on my website right now as a little thing. So we're at 20 minutes now. Cool. But, again, this is just a little – this is just the landing page. It's just like to show that a website can be made. This is showing you kind of like the raw output that I get. But the beauty of it is that this is fully – like everything that you see in that audit has been fixed, as far as the SEO and AO and whatnot. When I'm done with it, it'll look a lot, you know, prettier and whatnot. But I think you'll be impressed with what she was able to do in just a few minutes. All right. Let's see. Let's do this. All right. We got to eat, right? We got to eat, bro. I'm broke, bro. I got to eat. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, man. We can transform the whole webscape of Ghana pretty quickly if we can get in front of the right people now. Yeah. It won't take long. That just leads to all kinds of other opportunities. You know, dude, I meet people with money all the time that want to invest in Africa and various things. The problem is they're scared because I got totally screwed on the deal in Rwanda. How they're doing business in Africa is finding trustworthy people to do business with. That's right. And when they find them, they will pour obscene amounts of money into it because there's so much opportunity there. Right. So, you know, all right. I took screenshots of it because the build builds. Well, we could have another call because I'm connected up to some folks that are, you know, raising money and investing in companies and that sort of thing across the continent. Yeah. One of my business partners or relationships, I should say, we're not business partners just yet anyway, is, you know, Ian, the guy who started.","usage":{"type":"duration","seconds":600}}